Hi, this is our trading app.
 
We did not choose either free stocks or a vol trader strategy. Instead, our trading app 
is an improvement of the current a1-a2-n1-n2 strategy. To be more specific, we adapted 
four features from the dataset and used a decision tree to distinguish from 1 and 
(0 and -1) groups as an indicator of whether we want to initiate buying on one certain day. 
This approach will stop us from entering the market on some specific dates, in this way, 
we can avoid potential big losses and also retain a stable profit.
 
The reason why we use the decision tree model is it is a simple classification strategy 
and it is easier to explain, especially how it uses the features. We can easily draw a 
graph to show how the features are used.
 
The features we used are the VIX index, DXY Curncy, SPXSFRCS Index, and IVV AU Equity. 
The reason why we choose these is as follows. First, those index covers different aspects 
of economics, like volatility and currency value. Next, these features process some ideal 
properties such as they are there is no significant multilinearity as will be an issue in 
linear regression and many regression models. The way we filter the features are based heat map.
 
Because our features are only four dimensions, there is no need to use dimensional reduction. 
If we do need to, we can use PCA to reduce dimension.
 
Our look back window size is 10, and we run on the last 100 days of data. 10 days of window 
size correspond to the last two week's market data, and we only would want the last 100 days 
(roughly half a trading year) to train our model because we want our model to only adapt to 
the most recent macro economic environment.

As for the application of Hoeffding inequation, we set our X to be the achieved volatility 
collected from our revised algorithm, the Miu to be the achieved volatility of the ‘dumb’ 
method and a and b to be 1 times the average difference. So, our X is roughly 0.06% 
per trade and Miu is 0.11% per trade, and we put everything in our Hoeffding equation and 
find the result that if the annualized volatility difference of our model and the ‘dumb’ 
model is less than 4.98%, then our model is no longer effective and need to be halted.
